Thank you Sarah that was fantastic.
Um, so I'm going to start us recording.
See,
and welcome again to the second day of performances for you know low.
2021. That was just Sarah Rafa with video off zoom and pandemic productivity, not captured on video but captured in our hearts.
That was great.
Um, I wanted to also begin as I did yesterday with expressing gratitude to the other three members of the performance curatorial committee Claire Donato Astrid insolent and Katniss, as well as to everybody organizing the conference, Scott and sore and
Carlo who very helpfully just reminded me to turn off the things as people were coming in.
So thank you for saving that performance from that, Carla.
So up Second, we have Jessica Rodriguez, within the Casio nice slash settings.
And if everyone could just keep themselves muted and with their video off I have less of a.
But if people pop in I may, I may meet you in such Jessica, are you all set and what's the baby cam, regrettably.
There we go.
Forest morality.
Be suave Szymborska.
She enters the forest.
And actually gets lost in it.
She knows it inside and out.
migratory departure and arrival.
She feels free and the other have a branch.
And its shadows and after shadows.
green volts.
In silence that please to the ears and crumbles every now and then.
Everything here rhymes.
Like in riddles for children between the bush and the tree.
It is like a third neighbor.
She sees variations harvests recognizes mutual secret relationships duties.
Confused beginnings tangled threads.
And in the nooks exceptions.
She knows what is often dense.
What bravely separately.
What's up, hi there in the clouds and close in the gaps.
What's the word swarms and the ravine needles foliage.
What is a maple ash.
What is a birch.
What is.
Only death speaks here in common pros.
She knows what's here.
Running stitching, the very edge of the path.
Fly flushed and disappeared.
Although a masterpiece supernatural and sub natural.
She knows where the Gothic sky is.
And where is the Baroque in the ball
that here is a Siskin.
There is a run.
And with the chaffinch. And since felling. The Oaks rearing up,
and then back in a clearing well known to her, but not the one scene in the morning,
and only among people does anger collect her, because everyone is guilty.
Who from others is different.
Metallica.
name is Jonathan.
Yellow next clip.
jello next clip area.
VHS
VHS.
I was she was jello next clip area.
No Kronos co jello next clip.
Mayra
Nakano Scott flesh.
I was she is
yellow next clip a flushed and disease.
v Latina Natasha fellows here
Papers recognizes, she she
she knows what's here. Yes Hubbard okay.
Hello.
Shadows.
to share.
local news.
own courses.
no school.
No corners.
lot
from last
night Good night.
VNP trench the
bottle reactor.
champagne.
Dragon.
minimum.
Yeah.
to trench the game.
cruise.
to drag him from here.
smoking
again.
Yes.
Chevron Led Zeppelin bottle ve
ski ski.
So to begin,
Villa de Natasha.
Thanks.
Thank you, Jessica.
That was that was beautiful.
That was Jessica Rodriguez, with advocacy on a slash somebody
from more background about that that piece, and about Jessica and the other performers in the program, please refer to the gallery site performance and pasting it in the chat.
Again, I'm just in the interest of time, I'm not going to read BIOS and so forth. So next up we have Tina, Scott, aka on my parents.
Tina, be ready.
Upon widow brothers grave October 12 2014 map whose resistance day, the destructive is destroys poetry in it censored shapes obsolete complicity canonical restrictions demystify it does members it binds it tears it turns it the toilet paper to Oregon
to poetry in hockey and destructive ism creates through destruction destruction is the path to creation, poetry is reaction poetry is resistance, poetry, breaks conventions, regulations, destroys the political, social, religious canonical impositions
destructive is pointed at male female queer, it's not subject to trends concrete geographies emerges in Santiago, New York, Taipei Bergen in the visitor I have electronic interface in the global straight I'm sphere up here is for you in the Bronx and
free of canonical middle England Enigma which exclude and include in the service of interesting discretion fellatio and bargain basement paperwork, with constructivism mo one overcomes expectation then cannon.
Every destructive is about memory makes the cannon dictated by nobody imposed by nobody nobody's I don't change Erasmus Grambling who excites and rebels into the destructive is news through Antonio media, and we honor nobody, because nobody does dictate
doesn't impose binary structure, man, woman, reader rider paper code creator creature UK unified any autographed full freedom every action and destruction of om creates the author and not the other way around the body that is and it's not God according
to the degree determined by the boom, because the God of institution, under he doesn't exist since they don't exist, they are not in the I've never been anything but conventions, which they destructive is power that destroys and relieves returning to
the chaos of origin to nobody's chaos free fall free falling into the sky. Every fat Ll into the paper, the keyboard, the abs, free of social extraction of racist in classes the implication of restrictive advocates of Imperial veracity of sacrosanct wars
in consumerist destructive is among resists rebels machismo conformism Oh, social control bar codes poetry is in the metropolis on a mountain inside moons in there is not genres in boundaries chatter genres have sexually ties, literature, coding, all
in balance conventions that still defy marginalize confuse kilo poetry, art binary code multimedia are interchangeable products in the destruction construction of new rituals, there is no hierarchy or authority destructive is the most fundamental under
review doubly anarchic monarchy dictatorship, all institutionalized religion. It's opposites commitment to justice is a kind of destruction of political hegemony liberating and redeeming us, social and historical commitment is a destructive is exercised
transforming convention into verse, literally exists nowhere but in software and interface reality does not exist if it is neither augmented nor diminished technological passion as a weapon loaded with future versus the user convention and the word, it
must be revitalized with inversion and doing vomiting collision taboo is a destructive is the tool. It relieves and requires both games and reaction overcomes arcane sanctimony freeze proclaims seduces connects with that which moves in a real it God definitively
is not the destructive is power Deborah claims absolute freedom in a poem, without tension or Inquisition, without Original Sin, or baggage free fall, Tina and SCADA without destructive is a English translation by Kristin Dykstra Santiago, New York Burlington
Bergen December 2014 Hello 2021.
Thank you, Tina Scott for that fantastic piece
that was titled feminist manifesto and times of coronavirus I should have read the title at the beginning.
Next up, we have used to tie here from Shanghai, you see, are you ready.
Hello everyone.
Welcome to speak pen.
You've probably wandered around the internet and came across this drawing tool.
I'm you Joe, and today I'm here to guide you through your first creation.
In the following tutorials. I will explore some of the main components contributed to the drawing tool.
Let's get started.
writing has always been a huge part of my life.
I write about anything.
They're not necessarily good, but it's a ritual that I do
have written scripts lurks homes fictions and nonfiction means.
I wrote about a movies that I saw keep one that the weather and random words like this.
For me, grant writing is a way to de stress.
I remember the first time that I started writing was actually an incident.
I had just turned nine or 10. And my parents took me and my best friend camping, to celebrate my birthday.
We're not really that outdoorsy type or adventurous type.
So that was very exciting for me.
Just outside our campsite.
There was a stream with lots of rocks on it.
And of course, as kids.
Yeah, my friend had to go jump on the rocks.
There I was
excited to go on my first adventure for the rocks was too slippery.
And my shoes was wrong.
So I fell into the water.
I remember crying so hard and feeling so embarrassed that our whole family had to pack up and go home.
To this day, my friends so made phone with me.
Remembering that afternoon, I can still feel the disappointment in the car ride home,
remember feeling embarrassed remorseful sad.
So when I got home, I started writing.
My dad had kept all my journals from when I was a kid,
There in his store
in a studies.
Couple of years ago I started looking at those journals and realized that I used to draw pictures to replace some of the words that I that I didn't know how to write that was very interesting to me.
I started theorizing about those writings I did back when I was a kid, And I even tried to create those texts,
but they just like to play for this, the pureness, and then I Eunice.
What a shame how when you grow up, you become so preoccupied with making sense of everything.
My favorite book was Blitz by Maggie Nelson. Blue Bloods, what's a gift from a friend.
This was also her favorite book,
I remember the first time I picked it up. My friend Rubio was playing.
Van Halen guitar.
And after a couple pages.
I felt a kind of closeness to Maggie, to be, and even to Eddie Van Halen
days later.
I've decided to translate book into Chinese.
I've asked Ruby would be a reason for someone to like the color blue.
Sure applied
blues, the easiest color to match.
It's like black, she said.
It's an absence of color, but a color.
It's like being expressive.
While not appear to be expressive
down there inside seen gun show.
Fortunately song portion she signs me. Yes,
sir. So I'm sure sure that safe enjoy each for
a color blue emerged from the coziness of an atom spirit created when two people are connected emotionally and intellectually and are physically.
This was the sentence I wrote on the first page of the notebook, where I translated now since bullets.
But there are words that cannot be expressed with different languages.
There are words that are not meant to be translated.
There are words
that are not meant to be translated.
There are words that are not meant to be translated.
from that I have been using for the past six years.
Was that its maximum capacity.
I've struggled for the last couple months.
And finally, last week I had to do a hard reset to wipe it storage.
I had a lot of trouble transferring all the data to the cloud around to another device.
To be perfectly honest, I haven't been writing for a while now.
I worked at a small company from nine to seven.
A lot of my time and my energy got consumed.
Empty soda cans and dirty laundry started to pile up in my room.
Like the image of a stereotypical programmer.
I hunched over the desk, thinking about the time that I fell into the stream.
More as you on this tool, the slower, it becomes.
I think it is also exhausted.
It probably wants to go back.
where you just saw was a tutorial for speak pen.
And I encourage you to try it out.
Thank you so much for watching.
Feel free to leave some comments.
and also improvements to the tools.
I'll see you in my channel next time.
Thank you so much easier for that beautiful piece on,
Mark, Mark, Simon clapping I think from everybody.
That's such a wonderful instrument that text one sprint and beautiful performance on it.
Except we have Eric SEPA with women to a costume.
Eric, are you awesome.
A nice one back at the bottom fairly bad.
insincere protective simply the illusion flashes and reels are laughter impertinence was fine and spiteful blacks,
pq train the most I body whose synergy. You cursed until a split and warning and unreality so bleak and fade, then which here perpetuate recognize nothing in less than real in theory center really only happened center split rummaging through the band
meant a lot, each, and each of her hymns, electric and song is the manuscript which both in various a few verses that were made in memory of your porcelain bone pain, something up in the company remit can be done.
silicone spatula through directly.
mixture spooks and romances the caramel comedy.
They don't tell me how you feel about to God, the most important single point you.
now oh the Xerox machine go to the moment live into Boston. Each and working on it into things like a nice franchise that the printers had to be strung out likewise along the way so they want to be mistaken online.
During the diving board. It's your uncle on the camera you can gain their, their picture the diner. It was at the end of the trees that concert the CPE redeemable coming on to like Excuse me.
What's the typical.
The break which reminded everyone not of justice, but events which are the poet's foreshadowing for an unexpected irreversible and Loomis chart.
They spoke to each other. What shall we take from this.
What about the bush.
What does it matter.
Eagles
spot, and assurance paper was said to become overinflated that it's calculus the disinherited for spirals, She can be sound desolation, as the satisfaction of channels and backgrounds, as the vapor me runs in miniature which was cultivated and look just
like a diminutive daughter in the manger with Sydney patch the candidate bundling drugs, or they had some name. So the type of sparkling water which was supposed to do something or neutralize effects that the plans
Did anything for how easily don't get when put into term that number is given the right materials for the right equations.
The time for movement, which through an innovation of one of the druids could now be reckoned on one of the agricultural grids was estimated on what he called the comedy type in later humor, you'll note as a color printer ink can be accumulated in more
than one way. This was not possible to do in the tapping later which constitutes maker to abandon the product and engage in the botanical analysis of herbal threads, the classification of the Lucknow tendencies of the trip this criminal.
The idea that you could form a consistent stands by leaping off rocks was almost universally disputed yet for the author of the tablet later it was clear that the only evidence of criminality was an active inversion.
It was clear that this was not the data undermining most of the critiques that repetitive. That is, it was not through eventful analysis but the reproduction of event which, for all the many parameters to keep constant would consistently create random
variations. The hunch of the performance completely in the solvent, the preservation of pigments and liquid combination with not reverse but the same club then each defense and violence in the idea of the desolation of the now entirely obscured figure
was the case of continuity, the manicure of simmering spiral inflation syndrome, and the comedy tabulate a record in the most wretched of terms reprimanded for a more consistent result.
Thank you. That was beautiful.
It was it was a good tour of a cosmic prismatic engine.
Thank you.
clapping.
Next on our on our list is Jason Nelson, with secret lives of a lockdown objects but unfortunately I think those secret lives may remain secret because I don't think he's here with us Jason Are you here under, under an assumed name, different name.
I don't think so. So
I'm just hoping that you'll suddenly appear but I don't think so. So next up we will have a dar who just momentarily appeared DARPA trauma and company from St Petersburg, Russia, with freedom is freedom is freedom is freedom.
This performances are authored by Daria with participants who are students of the Laboratory of media poetry went to one instructors Berg.
And so I read their names, I practice reading and they probably won't be too bad. The other participants are all Sasha, and need a Christian Scalia serial killer, and a totally Pamela master copy over, Leon stroke of the on a picnic over Catarina review
over in an associate trust, and the PErforM participants in this performance also include you member of the audience or fellow performer in this zoom event if you would like to participate Daria will explain how this will work, and we'll have a concluding
portion of this piece in tomorrow's performance session.
So Daria. And thank you, America for introduction.
I'm excited to be here. And so I'm really going to invite all of you to take part in performance, right after this meeting.
Well actually, I'm sure you're tired of sitting in front of the screen and want to take a walk and it will be the performance section first combined for the trees, and communication that the telegraph cap.
Give me 30 seconds I will share dreams means to telegram chat with you, this is Chad. Yeah. Okay.
So now, I'm enjoying it.
And so as I mentioned, all the Laboratory of media boys.
They also they are in the performance. And I also call this some of you know, take back to Thomas is called freedom is freedom. freedom is freedom.
Very short conceptual poem by service. After several of the classes he reflected on freedom to, to, and when me and students came up with the theme of the performance.
We discussed this creation, old. The being a young artist in contemporary rush.
internationally can take in jail time, even for a simple report or social medium. So now we as artists mirror our intentions, against the degree of inner freedom.
So, it was our officers deflection on the, on the feel of the performance.
I'm looking forward to, to reflections and. Now, let me say a few words about how to go How do you happen to be the moderator. It's actually right in the chat, and predetermine what media should be used to answer the
old tasks so we will remind you of Inception from conceptual art.
In fact, I was actually in a sense of the follower.
It was the creative freedom and those given condition. So, we will have various tasks and you will have direct major. And so you have very determined condition of I'ma go over this The format is to understand the mechanics of the multimedia like Chad,
Really so tools for the nation, like location noises voice messages, photos and social media file.
Girl part of the leverage full fledged and re capture the participants in communication.
So the loss of their us are being formed rapidly right here. Now, before our eyes and our fingers.
So my best idea is to research this process process, and I invite you to search for your own logos of artistic communication in chat ties into the platform at the greatest to do.
And please, let me say a few words about performance together, Andrew.
I will turn on my creativity demonstration.
For now you have the pedigree chart.
I'm so
tired of start right after the finish of this meeting, and it will last about 40 minutes. Yes, but they can bog, as I mentioned before, please turn chat.
So, this performance, about the dog for a walk so don't forget to charge your phone right now please.
And listen to me. And I will ask you to be the default, and have a son. Next, that's when most of you will answer and if I see that nobody is not typing so if you don't want to answer.
so feel free. Just be quiet.
So, in brackets up to my best career you will see, which means I will ask you to write should be like, ask you answer by voice message or by photo, if I write any soul.
You're free to do any media and the also yes I would be grateful to you. If you go right on their response to my performance.
So thank you for your attention.
I hope that I will see some this by, you're in the telegram performance job.
You're in the telegram performance job. Yes. Unfortunately I see the question charter So, no, you should have.
Tesla car, but it's very easy just your phone number and the phone has a reputation for example, it looks like to with with telegram that you can use something like Google Voice or another like sort of temporary number to create an account so it wouldn't
necessarily have to be your phone number.
There are some other options if you're if you'd like to receive that are reluctant to, to use the app with your own number.
Great I had one other question for you, Tommy which is, if, if people are not available right now. If they're available, say, a little later, could they join the chat and how the instructions and do it a little bit later between today and tomorrow.
Is that something that is possible.
No, it's just you know at that time.
Everyone, this resistance. Being here and now and corresponding with each other.
Okay, great. We're just checking just to see if that would make me pull a few more people in.
Okay, well thank you so much and we'll yeah there'll be a concluding segment of of this performance tomorrow.
Thank you so much.
And that is the conclusion of our program for today.
Thank you so much to all of our performers, if people would like to turn on their video or audio and clap, or otherwise, express appreciation for our performers do.
Wonderful.
Great job.
Wonderful. Thank you, everyone. I'm just a couple of little things here on my end and then we'll move on we will pick up tomorrow at the same time in the same, Same bat time same bat channel.
That is it for today. Thank you again everyone.